Using BERT can get you state of the art
results on many tasks or problems.
In this video, I'm going to show you
how you can fine tune this model so
that you can get it to work
on your own data sets.
Let's take a look at how you can do this.
So right now you're going to
see how you fine tune BERT.
So during pre training remember you
had sentence A and sentence B, and
then you use next sentence prediction and
use the mask tokens to predict the mask
tokens that you mask from each sentence.
So that's in pre training.
Now if you want to go on to MNLI or
like hypothesis premise scenario,
then instead of having sentence A and
sentence B,
you're going to feed in the hypothesis
over here, and the premise over here.
For NER you going to feed in
the sentence A over here, and
then the corresponding tags over here.
For question answering,
you will have SQuAD, for example,
you'll have your question over here and
then your answer over here.
So visually what does this look like?
So remember this image
from the BERT paper.
So this is what ends up happening.
Over here you have the question,
over here you'll have the paragraph and
this will give you like your answer,
that starts in the end for the answer.
Then for NER again,
you'll have the sentence and
the correspondent named entities.
For MNLI you'll have the hypothesis and
then the premise and so forth.
So in summary, given the place
of sentence A and sentence B,
you can fill it with a text
in parts four sentence A, and
then say like a no symbol to say
that you're trying to classify
the text whether it's for
sentiment analysis, like happy or sad.
So that's the only way to do it.
Question passage for question answering.
You could have hypothesis premise for
MNLI.
You could have sentence with
the named entities for NER,
you can have sentence and
a paraphrase of the sentence.
You could have an article in
the summary and so forth.
So this is just the inputs
into your BERT model.
Now that you know how to fine tune
your model on classification tasks,
question answering, summarization and
many more things, we'll take it to
the next level and introduce you
to a new model known as the T5.
Please go onto the next video
to learn about the T5 model.